## The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini

It is a novel that depicts Afghanistan through the events of the child of a wealthy and powerful Afghan family from the 1970s to the early 2000s. The novel was written by Halit Hüseyni and published in 2003. The novel is the first novel written in English by an afghan. The main character of the novel, Emir lives a happy life. He is the best friend of Ali, who is the maid of the house, and hasan Emir, whose son is one year younger than Emir. While the Emir is loyal to the Emir enough to put his life in danger for the Emir, the Emir leaves Hasan alone at the hardest moment, even though he is his best friend. It is a successful novel because its parts such as child rape make the class, race and sect distinction in Afghanistan feel fictional, albeit disturbing. To have an idea why Afghanistan is like this today, it should be read.

The descriptions are quite impressive. There are two dramas, the first is emir and hasan drama, but the bigger one is afghanistan drama. The horror of the interpretation of Islam that will cause a nightmare for this country has been tried to be depicted. it's the bigger drama, but it's always on the sidelines because it's not the main subject of the novel. ultimately draws attention to this country that lived in the middle ages in the twenty-first century. It doesn't have a very waxing language either. Before reading the book, I thought I was going to read about poverty, piety, disaster, and it was a hard and hard book. but it wasn't. read easily.

Let's end with a quote
"There is only one sin, one sin. that is stealing. All other sins are a variation of theft... When you kill a person, you steal a life. you take a husband from your wife and a father from your children. When you lie, you steal someone's right to the truth. When you cheat, deceive someone, you steal truth, righteousness. Do you understand?"