## Neurologic - Eliezer Sternberg

One of the most understandable and enjoyable science books I've ever read. I think the thing that makes science most understandable for readers who are not experts in their field is that the event is explained with case studies. The reader thus makes the situation more comfortable in his mind. This is the biggest plus of this book. Another plus is that it is chapter by chapter and you can take a break between chapters. Brain, psychology, psychological disorders have always fascinated me. Many things that seem illogical and meaningless to us have scientific and logical explanations. Why and how does our brain fill in the gaps in our perception? Can the blind hallucinate? Can we increase our physical performance by contracting our mental muscles? How do things we unconsciously see affect our moods and decisions? Where do false memories come from? What do people who claim to have been abducted by aliens or come into contact with supernatural beings actually experience? Why can't we tickle ourselves? Can murder be committed with hypnosis? What happens when the mind is fragmented? The answers to such interesting and intriguing questions are in this book.

A little advice for those who are considering reading the book: If you don't know about the parts of the brain, I recommend that you take notes while reading the book. When the author talks about the parts of the brain, it will be very easy for you to write down which part does what and what it is responsible for.