## Arch of Triumph - Erich Maria Remarque

The novel tells the story of an exiled German surgeon named Ravic, who lived on the run in Paris just before World War II. Blacklisted by Germany for his views and imprisoned in a concentration camp after intense torture, he tries to escape from the camp and find a country where he can hide himself. Germany, his homeland, is now the greatest danger to him; He was deported many times in all the other countries he went to because he did not have documents. Paris is his last refuge before the great war. In this city, where he has been caught and deported many times, but he finds a way and enters again, he wants to get rid of the black shadow of his past and just live the day without dreaming too much, while making a living by performing secret operations on behalf of two incompetent French surgeons. A young woman he encounters, Joan, helps him face his past and gain the courage to come to terms with it.

Many works have been published describing what happened during the war and genocide periods, until our time, the subject is now very familiar to us. That's why the novel also leaves a bland taste. However, we should not forget that the novel was published in the early period, just after the war, in 1945, and includes sections from the life of the author. Thanks to a few pens like Remarque, the world heard the devastation of the war, the despair and pain of the people who were dragged from place to place, and the horror of genocide.

Just like Ravic, the protagonist in the book, Remarque is a writer who had to flee his homeland of Germany because of his views and spent most of his life in exile. With his memories of the 1st World War he narrated in "Nothing New on the Eastern Front", the wars were not romantic heroic stories - as they were discussed in the press, literature and cinema until then - that strikingly showed the misery and brutality experienced on the front with all their nakedness. Remarque, who is well known for his work, becomes a dangerous person hated by rising German fascism for the same reason. Remarque, who was accused of humiliating the military and treason but could not be captured, has been living outside his country since 1933, but he does not give up and continues to write. The fact that the Germans, who could not capture him, got greedy and executed his own sister, even though he had no other crimes, and Remarque's learning of this even years later, tells us better his years of horror. After settling in America, his writings -especially from the mouth of a German-because of German fascism and the anger towards Hitler, became much more respected and popular. Like his hero Ravic, Remarque takes his revenge on German fascism; but his revenge tool is his pen.