## The Taming of Chance - Ian Hacking

What is tamed and tamed is what we call luck, fortune, fate or fortune in this book: The birth of statistics as the information needed by the state, the avalanche of printed numbers, the emergence and spread of the idea of law based on statistics, the leap of statistics to social and human sciences... We are talking about a development that came out of the West and spread: the reining of the uncanny and incalculableness of the world through the calculation of probability.

Ian Hacking's work makes it possible to understand two fundamental changes that took place in the history of science in the second half of the nineteenth century: The first is how statistical numbers about a phenomenon were given a self-explanatory status. Second, the idea of human nature was replaced by a model of "normal man" subject to statistical laws at the same time. As a result of these two transformations, what we call "luck" made the world we live in seem less capricious, and this development that brought order out of chaos gained great scientific legitimacy. Hacking argues that these transformations led to a new way of scientific reasoning that had a profound impact on our perception of the world. As the level of indeterminacy in our understanding of the world, people and society increases, our expectation of control and intervention in our lives will increase, and our expectation of freedom will decrease.

Masterfully combining a detailed study of the history of science and philosophical depth, The Discipline of Chance has been considered by many critics as one of the leading works of the twentieth century in the field of study books. The book owes its success to a way of looking at the relationships between philosophy, mathematics, the physical and social sciences, and the development of social institutions, which shakes what we know and allows us to re-make sense.