## Les Miserables - Victor Hugo

For me, Victor Hugo's 'Les Misérables' is one of the best books ever! Even though I read the book a few days ago, I'm still under its influence, and I don't think I'll ever forget it.
"Stealing bread in order not to die of hunger and being punished for stealing bread." What an embarrassing sentence, right? Some people are starving and we are still ignoring them. (We are committing crimes against humanity.) Now we are at the end of humanity, justice and conscience!
Jean Valjean is one of the best examples of how, according to our so-called Justice, prisoners who are excluded from society, despised, pushed around and "People" who have committed social crimes can be a much better person than a normal citizen..!
Sometimes we can touch a person's heart with a small gesture. And that touch of the heart can connect that person to life or alienate him from life forever... so we must always be mindful of our actions, at least be aware that we are trying to do something good. Just as the Bishop changed Jean Valjean's life!
While reading this book, I realized that the old age is no different from this age, which we hate with our flesh and blood. How is this time; If there are hunger, death, misery, war, turmoil, disease, injustice, people (children) wasted for power, it is no different in old times. Society has never healed, always pain and tears... Only the Executioners of History have changed roles.

We all learn about the good aspects of the French Revolution because it is not explained in detail in our education system until university. This book is the summary of the French Revolution. We are reading a book within a book. In the book, love, pain, misery, history... Everything is together. It looks like a long book but don't mind it because it takes you away. I don't think any misery could be described like that. Plus, I want to open parenthesis, the translation of the book is as good as its written language, it is translated so well that it is easier to read than a Turkish book. Also, this sentence consists of 824 words in the world's longest sentence, Les Miserables. It is proof of the success of the translator. As for the subject of the book, we have a character named Jean Waljen. This man lives with his sister and takes care of her and her children. One day he can't catch up and steals. The man is sentenced to hard labor. The man enters the prison, but immediately escapes. Our book starts here. In this book, you will hear the voices of Jean Waljen's conscience, Cosette's love, and Mairus's love. You will hear the whole world in this book. It is a work written in the past, but it also holds a mirror to the future. Because the world is still not healed. The strong and weak demonstrations still continue. The misery still exists and will never end. Because while others strive, some want more. In this book, when you hear Jean Waljen's cry of conscience, you will say that the world is screaming, but we do not hear it. I always liken it to Van Gogh cutting off his ear. Maybe he did it because he didn't want the world to hear, maybe he did it. After reading this book, you can find the answer to this question.