## The Star Rover - Jack London

Incarcerated in San Quentin Prison after murdering an academic colleague, a former professor develops mental tactics to escape the horrific torture he endured while serving a life sentence there. Leaving his suffering body, he embarks on journeys where he returns to his previous lives in different periods of history, in different geographies. Inspired by JackLondon's friend Ed Morrell, who spent five years in the dreadful San Quentin, each past life experience of the narrator of Star Traveler can also be read as a stand-alone story. In this most original work, London ponders astral travel and the cycle of rebirth. But the real concern of this astute observer of the human condition is to expose the brutal and corrupt prison system of the United States.

Murderer Darrell Standing is sentenced to life in San Quentin prison. Meanwhile, he is subjected to various tortures and during these tortures he manages to keep his soul separate from his body and goes on a journey in his past lives. So he cannot feel any pain. Jack London wrote this book inspired by his friend Ed Morrell, who spent 5 years in San Quentin prison. Although astral travel and reincarnation make the book interesting, the main purpose of the author is to show everyone the wild system in San Quentin prison.

Before I started the book, I thought that the different lives he went through astral travel would affect me more, but on the contrary, those sincere conversations in prison attracted my attention more and I wanted him to go back to prison as soon as possible. Of course, there were lives between them that I liked or that caught my attention, but ironically, I can say that I miss the prison conversations more. Can I say that Jack London has done it again? Certainly. Thank you Jack London.