## Fall of Paris - Ilya Ehrenburg

As Paris Falls is a classic that is both momentous and immense, transporting you back to France before the Second World War. It tells the situation of the country after the First World War, its political and economic fluctuations, and the country's drag into the Second World War. An amazing historical novel. Besides, you witness the rotten face of politics and how a homeland is sold (some parts of which you realize with horror are so familiar) that it is a quality to be read and learned from by everyone. If you know a little about that period, I think you will enjoy it more; but in any case, it is a book that those who like classical works and period novels will love to read. I think everyone should read it. I will continue to read the sequel The Storm and The Wave from the Bottom soon.

It is a fantastic fictional novel about a five-year period in the history of France, from the mid-1930s to the invasion of the country by the Germans in 1940. While the political, social and social events that developed in this five-year period are explained in great detail and in depth, the book also reveals how the German occupation came to the fore, how preventive measures could not be taken or how they were prevented. All of this is conveyed to us by being fictionalized by a group of high-level politicians, members of the army, laborers, businessmen, journalists and various segments of the public. In addition, the chaotic and dramatic image of France, and therefore Paris, before and during the occupation is also very successfully reflected to the reader.

I would like to talk about the author in a few sentences. Ilya Ehrenburg is a Russian journalist who lived in Paris for many years. Therefore, he is someone who knows Paris and the life there very well, and has observed French politics well. Otherwise, it would not have been possible for him to write a book that overlaps with historical facts.