## Human Errors - Nathan Lents

We often hear how miraculous the human body is, and listen to the praises given to it. Books on the subtle functioning of our body fill our shelves. Yet, aside from all its wondrous aspects, the human body has obvious defects that have emerged over millions of years of evolution. american scientist nathan h. lents tells the story of these flaws.

Why is the human retina inverted? Why are we more susceptible to upper respiratory infections than other animals? Why are there unnecessary bones in our body? Why do our knees, back and waist often cause problems? Why do we have to eat a "balanced" diet when many animals can meet all their needs with one kind of food? Why do humans have so many defective genes as well as functional genes? Why does our DNA contain millions of virus "debris" from past infections? Why are we the species with the highest infant and maternal mortality among primates? Why does the human immune system attack its own body so often? Why is our crowned brain so prone to delusions and bad decisions?

But no matter how strange it may sound, our flaws have a beauty of their own. How boring would our life be if each of us were one hundred percent rational and perfect example! our flaws are what make us who we are. Our individuality stems from tiny variations in our genetic and epigenetic codes, and much of that diversity arises from the random blows of mutations. Mutations are random and often destructive, like a lightning strike, but are also the source of human greatness. The flaws we will cover in this book are the scars left over from our victories in the struggle for survival. we are survivors of this eternal evolutionary conflict, even though we are out of luck; We are the products of four billion years of tenacious resistance despite all the risks.