## A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens

The fabulous novel by Charles Dickens. At the beginning of the book, when he talks about the suffering, suffering, poverty and oppression of the French people before the revolution. These are after the revolution; it turns into the folly of the people, their extrajudicial executions, their bloodthirst, their violation of justice for revenge, the cruelty of the people. In short, there is the message that the oppressed of yesterday and today's oppressors corrupt the situation and power. The book that tells the most enthusiastic periods of the French Revolution in the axis of Paris and London. It describes how the revolution, which emerged with great necessity, turned in the wrong direction in a short time and the cruelty of the poor who took revenge on the rich.

The work that defines the concept of self-sacrifice officially the last pages were so impressive. It made me feel to my bones what a cruel and awful world we live in. "I see the new tyrants who overthrew the old oppressors also perish in this revenge machine. This machine will not be full without drinking the blood of those oppressors." I'd like to leave first paragraph like the following.

"It was the best of times, it was the worst of the times, it was an age of reason, it was a time of stupidity, it was a time of faith, it was also a time of doubt, the season of light, it was the season of darkness, it was both a spring of hope and a winter of despair, we had everything, we had nothing, we all Either we would go straight to heaven, or just the other way - in short, it was such a recent time that some fussy authorities would argue that it could be compared to others using the word 'more', no matter good or bad."