## The Hunchback of Notre Dame - Victor Hugo

It is an immensely versatile classic work with eye-opening information, descriptions and a masterpiece. 
The book is a beautiful fiction, a naive love story, as the name suggests, the purpose of writing is not fiction, but descriptions. This is the reason for the descriptions that last for pages. Describing Notre Dame. Besides, he did it so well that it's impossible not to admire Victor Hugo. You can't talk about literature with someone who doesn't feel like they're in a cathedral while reading, and doesn't say they must see that cathedral.

The characters may not be fully understood. However, as we progress, we both know the characters and what is happening, now we are starting to find clear answers to our question. There are many Latin quotes. It can be a little difficult to get used to. The word that impressed me the most was the nec deus intersit. so God does not intervene. I think it is both a wonderful summary of the book and a saying that it is impossible not to find a piece in our lives. also references to dante, religious, political and social criticism is a book that affects people immensely. If you manage to get into the Quasimodo character, it is impossible not to cry. The great love he has for Esmeralda and the place where he says "I wish I was an animal" because of this love fills you with incredible sadness.

Of course, there is a lot to say about the book, but I want to stay on the salient points; In the book you will find a lot of information about architecture and hugo's thoughts on this. In the book, it is stated that architecture has been used as a tool to reflect thought until the use of the printing press, that every building is actually an idea, but with the printing press, the expression of thought with architecture has come to an end. In addition, Hugo makes the following sentences: two books of the human species, two registers. He has testament: structure and printed text, book of stone and book of paper. Of course, these two books, which have been open to the utmost for centuries, when paused and watched, granite writing; These gigantic alphabets shaped as rows of columns, gate towers, obelisks from the pyramid Its history and history from Cheops to Strasbourg.It is possible to miss the visible splendor of these man-made mountains that cover the earth. It is necessary to re-read the past from these marble pages. it is necessary to admire the book written by architecture and to constantly mix it; but one should not deny the size of the structure erected by the printing house.