## East of Eden - John Steinbeck

A world classic that was published in 1952 and never lost its influence. It is a work where the Nobel Prize-winning author John Steinbeck's character creation success, known from of mice and men and the grapes of wrath, reaches its peak. Jealousy, rivalry, love, greed, murder, revenge, poverty, lies, kindness, compassion, hard work and rivalries are born with heroes, grow and develop step by step. The work proceeds with a war tragedy in the background, adding an epic vitality to its dramatic emphasis. holy book motifs, family, farm, choices and inventions… Good and evil continue to be told in the endless cycle of the abil and cain narrative. The entire book actually says one sentence: timshel, "you can". It was a very delicious book, so to speak, that I did not know how the time passed while I was reading it.
John steinbeck's descriptions, his genius in creating characters weave the novel in knots and I come across a work that I enjoy reading. The book depicts the nature, history and evolution of good and evil by drawing a picture through the trask family, the hamilton family, lee, cathy and other characters living in the salinas valley.

I can say I'm amazed. Although it is a long novel and contains many characters, the connection between the events does not break and the fluency is not lost. The author's description of everything down to the last detail makes you feel like you're watching a movie. I think it should be at the top of the list of books to read. The question he asks in East of Eden is: Is evil a destiny? Or do we choose to be a good or a bad person? If there is an energy within us that pushes us towards evil as an unstoppable force, and if it is indeed an unstoppable, unstoppable, inescapable impulse, who can blame us for the evil we have done and, on the contrary, praise us for the good we have done with the same unstoppable energy? Evil and goodness belong to us only if they are choices, and only then can we be held accountable.