## Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen

The name of the book written by the English writer Jane Austen. The first edition was published in 1813. It is more than possible to say that he left a mark on his period. It still retains its charm today.

I don't know if it is the difference between today's conditions and the conditions of that day, but Mr. Darcy has been approaching it in the best possible manner from the very beginning of the book. By keeping a distance from people he does not know and with whom he is not sincere, he already guesses that he is the best character that can be from the first moment. There is something that has not changed since then, the distinction between the rich and the unrich. Although there is no such character in the book, Mr. If someone who wasn't rich had shown Darcy's demeanor, I'm sure they would have used expressions meaning asocial, introverted instead of proud and smug. Although the basic idea is the same, it means that the reaction you get varies in every period according to your profile.

The most important feature of the novel that makes it impressive is that it does not reflect the love between Elizabeth and Darcy in a "soggy" way, as in the romance novels we are used to. darcy is so in love with elizabeth that you don't have to read the long written sex scenes to believe in this love and support her. Likewise, at the beginning of the book, the warmth and love that Elizabeth feels for Darcy as she gets to know Darcy is written in the simplest and most understandable way possible, which makes you feel like one of Elizabeth's siblings listening to her while reading the novel.