## The Lily of the Valley - Honore de Balzac

Known for his passion for perfection, The Lily of the Valley was a reading that Honore De Balzac described as my greatest work, and I was enchanted by the vitality of the characters he created, the theme and intensity of emotion that dominates the book, and the literary feast it presents with descriptions.Before falling in love with Felix and Henriette, I was amazed at how warmly, sincerely and emotionally, Felix's past and Henriette's current situation were conveyed. Balzac has poured all your sentimentality into the book, and you almost want to reach out to comfort the characters. I think we will all get a share of what they went through, because it seems to me that there is no bird among us that is not injured in its past. The meeting of the individuals was an extraordinary event in itself and I was very intrigued and even amused. The fact that they found each other again, on the contrary, remained somewhat fantastic.

Lily of the Valley should not be referred to only as a romance novel, because I consider it unfair to look at this work, which bears traces of both the social and political life of its period, from the perspective of pure love, from which the reader can draw inferences on various subjects from every window he looks at. In the foreground, Felix is running towards Henriette with flowers in his hand, while the background music is various subjects such as human psychology, moral values, virtue, god and religion. However, there is a social period narrative in the book, which is presented in depth with both spiritual and political ups and downs. In addition, the author's high-level botanical knowledge, references to mythological elements from time to time, enriching the narrative with quotations from Shakespeare and Virgilus made the work more valuable.