## A History of the World in 6 Glasses - Tom Standage

If you're someone who doesn't like to read History, you probably don't know much outside of your own country. The reason for your dislike may also be the more political history-oriented units you see in school textbooks. You may not need this information because of your education or job. However, I am someone who thinks that every person has a curiosity about the past. It's just that not everyone is curious about everything to the same extent and in the same way. Reading history through specific commodities has recently become a new hobby not only for me but also for many people I meet around me. Such books do not only talk about that commodity, but also offer basic historical information on the aforementioned commodities.Here are six drinks and our nearly six thousand years shaped around it. If you have reviewed the book in the bookstore or on the internet, there are already spoilers, etc., of what I will write soon. You realize it's not.

If we count the six drinks in order, they are: beer, wine, spirits, coffee, tea and Coca-Cola. As you read about how beer stepped onto the stage of history, you can actually see Sumer and Egypt with wine, Rome and Ancient Greece with wine, the time of Colonialism and Geographical Discovery in distilled spirits, the Age of Enlightenment with coffee, the British Empire with tea, and the rise of America with Coca-Cola. we are examining. While reading the book, you can sometimes be surprised by the effect of the drinks on the social life of their time, and sometimes by the meanings attributed to them by the societies.

The best part of the book; presenting basic world history in as simple a way as possible for those who do not have deep research on the subject like us. The author has answered as many simple questions as possible while reading. Actually, it's been a long time since I read the book, I've read various history books since then, but this book is still the book I enjoyed reading the most. I wish everyone a pleasant reading. After reading it, while looking at the drink in your hand for a long time, you will think of how important that drink once was for some societies. While I was reading some sections, I also consumed the drink of that section at the same time, the pleasure taken both while drinking and reading was different :)