## The Winter Of Our Discontent - John Steinbeck ##

Latest novel by John Steinbeck.
Ethan Hawley lives as a clerk in an Italian immigrant deli in the town, where his grandfathers once had influence. He fought for the USA, he shot enemy on the front and hunted the enemy. But those places that once had hawleys flew away with the change in the nature of the economy. There is now a world where the mind users are "something". This regression of his social status saddens him, pushing him into an internal showdown. He must confront his wife and children who think they do not deserve this life. He also decides to use his head.

A wonderful novel of reckoning with its fine embroidery. steinbeck, like many other books, manages to immerse the reader with an impressive finale. Although the main story of the degeneration that has become normal and the depression caused by the class decline can afford the internal decay for the individual's ambitions, the novel is on the basis of regret. While some people are stripping themselves because they see others doing more dirty than others, they do not judge themselves as dirty, and people like ethan hawley judge themselves in the court of conscience, which is the judge they set up in their heads.

An inner show novel. Steinbeck, like many other books, manages to immerse the reader with an impressive finale. Although the main story of the degeneration that has become normal and the depression caused by the class decline can afford the internal decay for the individual's ambitions, the novel is on the basis of regret. While some people are stripping themselves because they see others doing more dirty than others, they do not judge themselves as dirty, and people like ethan hawley judge themselves in the court of conscience, which is the judge they set up in their heads. It is evidence of how an individual's anxiety of identity cannot reach his life desiring, but his dreams have taken him to a completely different side. It is not enough to have a family, to be an adult or to have any degree, unless one reaches the target in his mind, one side is always missing and one side is leaning towards secondary roads.