## The Mother - Maxim Gorky

Maxim Gorky wrote his book Mother in 1906 during his exile. And although his main book was initially published in chapters in a magazine, it had a great impact in Russia and was banned and even the magazine was closed. With the period it was written and the facts it expressed, Ana is considered one of the masterpieces of the socialist realism movement. It is the story of a mother who struggles against the system and continues what her son wants to do after her son, who wants independence, is imprisoned. The struggle of the working class in Russia is told through the eyes of a revolutionary teenager's traditional mother. Over time, the mother moves away from her traditions and takes her place in the revolutionary struggle. A beautiful novel with a simple language. Almost everyone has the same feeling. In the novel, the socialist revolution shaped around a mother who is oppressed, despised by her husband, beaten, blindfolded, believing in superstitions as religion and social impositions as truth is told. The main figure is both dramatized and the main figure reflects the element of socialism to the Russian and then all the peoples of the world, perhaps the weakest place of the human being; associates it with her mother.

I have a suggestion for those who will read the book. To better understand Pavel - especially when he is emotionless in the mother-son relationship - I recommend reading Maxim Gorky's autobiographical trilogy first. Because the author showed Pavel his mother's love, which he could not see with his "Ana" character, but I think that Pavel could not reflect this, since he was a child who was left incomplete in this regard. I recommend you to read Mother's book, which skillfully reflects the social structure of Russia before the 1905 revolution and has also become a symbol of awakening.