## The Sea Wolf - Jack London

Maritime is kept alive in the works of the author, who has a maritime background. As far as I understand, he puts a part of himself in his books. Although Martin Eden is considered a kind of biography, like the seal hunt off the coast of Japan in this work, the author joined the seal fishing schooner named Sophia Sutherland in 1893 to go to the shores of Japan. So it is not foreign to geography. Our narrator, Humphrey Van Weyden, is a well-known figure in literature and art. We'll just call him Hump, like Kurt Larsen, who was a great character and gave the book its name. Hump goes on a trip to visit a friend, but things don't go as he hoped and his boat sinks. Just when everything is over, he opens his eyes in Ghost, which will change his life and character. This ship goes on a hunt for seals. In the following sections, Hump expresses his thoughts about this hunting by saying "You are killing defenseless animals for women's clothes" and expresses his thoughts that it is brutal, but later on, he has to hunt himself. Ghost is filled with men with at least 20 hunters (who are also hunters not only for the seal but also for each other), where he can shoot everyone at once, but after 5 minutes he can have a hearty fun.

The story of Weyden, who is in the same environment with people he has never been before and whose characters he is not familiar with, and Wolf Larsen, who has an interesting personality that comes across in this adventure, drags us to this tough sea adventure where we will feel like we are experiencing the events personally. Of all sea adventures, it was the most genuine and interesting book I've ever read. It tells the story of a 'gentleman' who makes a living by managing his father's property, being rescued by a hunter ship as a result of a storm and living with a wild captain on the ship. It was a non-boring, fluent novel in which literary and philosophical conversations were also abundant, the terminology of the ship was used abundantly, and there was even love.