## One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez

Before I start the review, I would like to talk about the "Banana Republic" and "Banana Workers Massacre", which is also included in certain parts of the book. On November 11, 1928, 30,000 Banana workers in Colombia rebelled against the Chiquita company (formerly United Fruit Complay) against unfair and harsh working conditions and not being paid. Against this, the Colombian army takes action. To stop the people pouring into the street, the General reads the "disperse" statement. When the people do not obey the order, the order to fire is given. Workers participating in the strike, their spouses and children are killed. According to the general at the head of the army, this number is 47, according to other sources it is 3000, and according to the people, the number of people killed is "enough to be stuffed into train cars". 20 years later, the second massacre takes place. Jorge Gaitán, the only person who investigated the Banana massacre 20 years ago and voiced it in the parliament, was assassinated on April 9, 1948, and 10 thousand people from the poor and working people were killed on the same day. Therefore, the term "banana republic" is generally used for countries that are not legally developed and have not fully gained their independence. The fact that these words, which we say with a smile, "Chikita Banana" have such a deep meaning, impressed me a lot and I wanted to share them with you.

The story of these four generations is full of exaggerations, contradictions, sins and mystical events from the beginning to the end. But I don't think anyone would say "a bit of an exaggeration here" while reading and stop reading. On the contrary, Marquez has such a pen that you can't stop reading even if you know the course of the story from the beginning. You drift into things and you start living there. You share the loneliness of Jose Arcadios and Aurelianos in such a way that; You get a little lonely with each death. When they are all erased one by one, you are left alone in the middle.

The Buendia lineage is actually a family where everyone feeds their loneliness in crowds. The more crowded the house, the more lonely the family members seem. The more festive the house is, the more the family members seem to harbor inner pain. From the very beginning, the family has a conservative, religious and tradition-bound image. Besides, there is no sin that is not committed. Arrogance, promiscuity, gluttony, theft, adultery, lies, incest are sins that are included in the century of the family. Ursula did not give birth to pig-tailed children as she feared, but she became the mother, grandmother and great-grandmother of Arcadio and Aureliano, who were condemned to a repetitive fate.