## Animal Farm - George Orwell

The animals living on a farm rebel against the people who exploit them and take over the farm. their goal is to create a more egalitarian community. pigs that are the smartest among them; They soon form a leading team, and they deflect the revolution from its path.Unfortunately, there has now been a dictatorship that is more oppressive and brutal than humans. George Orwell criticizes a historical fact in this novel. it will be clearly seen that the leading pig in the novel simply symbolizes Stalin. Although other people are not exactly obvious, they may be people in a dictatorship environment. the subtitle of the novel is "a fairy tale". It is not a fairy tale to entertain the little ones, but it is written in a fairy tale narrative.

The work depicts the rebellion of animals against a cruel farmer who starves animals, makes them work to death, and sells their babies to the slaughterhouse. animals set out to create a paradise of justice and equality, with feverish idealism and enthusiastic slogans. but the adventure ends in great disappointment. and Orwell, with this story he told from the animal kingdom, actually the familiar face of the revolution; It portrays the leaders of the owners, the transformation of the regime into dictatorship. The fable telling about the efforts of those who come to power with the promises of equality and justice to maintain the old system by succumbing to their egos in the face of the unbearable attraction of power.