## The Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck

It is my one of favorite novels by American author John Steinbeck, this novel won him the pulitzer prize, its subject is the effect of American economic depression on people in 1930s. In this period of economic crisis, banks and merchants defraud farmers and small landowners and buy their land from them for less than it's worth, forcing poor people to sell this land or even to sell it. Poor families immigrate to California to earn money and look for rich people to work on their land. The rich demand workers, but the number of applicants is much higher than the number of workers demanded. While poverty, impossibilities and the disrupted order force the lives of the farmers, the sycophantic police increase the gravity of the negative situation and put pressure on the poor and bully them. We can see and feel the existence of capitalism in a concrete way in this novel. In all these difficult conditions, we witness the unity and integrity of the Joad family. The main protagonists of the book are Tom Joad and the Joad's family friend, Pastor Casy. In the center of the novel, the value that these two virtuous men attach to the concept of family, their stance against this great negativity brought by capitalism and their struggles are told.

Reading Steinbeck is like watching a movie. The emotions of the characters, their glances, everything comes to life in your eyes as if you were watching a movie. It is about a real poverty, an honorable livelihood struggle. The hopes of the land workers who migrated with a hope, the cruelty of those who see a little money in their pocket. Bloodless bankers flying over a dead economy like flies on a corpse.