## Flowers for Algernon - Daniel Keyes

The story of Charlie, who just wants to be 'smart' like other people and be accepted by them, is quite heartbreaking. We are also familiar in many ways. Because above all, Charlie just wanted simple acceptance, love, and belonging. Like everyone else in the world. Charlie might not understand it, but he would learn the painful way through experience that it is almost impossible to be accepted by everyone. People could always find a flaw, a fault, or something irritating in the other person. For some reason, there was always a reason to be criticized and belittled. Any of your traits, simple or different, could make you immediately ostracized by other people. How hard it was to accept and love people as they are!
Charlie's journey has also been very tiring and full of difficulties. There was a lot of effort, progress, failure and disappointment on his journey, but it was not easy to extinguish the light of hope.

The pain of being rejected by people just for being you and the realization that no matter what you do, no matter how hard you try, you will never be who they want you to be. But perhaps a necessary awareness. An awareness that is necessary for you to stop living for other people and first make peace with your own self. The worst loneliness is the loneliness experienced in a crowd that does not understand you, does not accept you as you are and constantly criticizes you. That's why it feels like one more solitude until you find where you belong instead of a fake crowd.It was a different experience to go through Charlie's changes from the beginning to the end of the book with him. It's a challenging, painful and sometimes frustrating travel experience that can inspire hope.
You may be of low intelligence or a genius. But these reasons are never the reason for some people's senseless hatred. They're just uncomfortable with what's 'different'.