## Better Never to Have Been - David Benatar

It is the book of a South African philosophy professor. David Benatar
In this interesting book with the subtitle - the evil of existence - the author explains that he is against reproduction and that being born carries a great curse. He states that he doesn't care whether what he writes will be accepted or not, but that someone should tell about this curse. He was an anti-natalist. I just heard about it. It's anti-reproductive. The author was anti-children. The main idea of this book, says Benatar, is that being born always does serious harm. Even though the good things in the world are good, it's actually better not to be at all, that's the simple summary of the book. For me, aside from the author's thoughts, how he evaluates his thesis is also important.
There are quite pessimistic quotes at the beginning of the chapter, and it is certainly not difficult to find someone who regrets being born. Of course, since I am one of them, it is 'obligatory' to read this book.

He slams the answers to the question "why is it always harmful to be born" in a way that upsets the optimists? Because even though we are not aware of it, we are actually in pain all the time. The book focuses on the individual emerging from the act of reproduction. The real reason for the opposition to reproduction is not the harm that humans cause to other people, other living things or nature. He mentions these a little bit, but the main reason for the opposition is that the existence of the individual who is born will bring him serious harm. For this reason, we can call it a truly philanthropic book. although he thinks that the human race should go extinct. Argues that the act of reproduction is never done for the benefit of the child to be born, but for the parents themselves, for the nation or the state, or for other people (eg: leukemia sibling) and considers this action to be morally unethical. He argues that those who think that they are satisfied with their life are also under illusion, that they cannot evaluate the quality of life correctly, that people tend to see their lives well, and that the reason for this is psychological factors. One of the most common defense mechanisms is comparing yourself to those who are worse off.