## The Class Struggle in the Ancient Greek World - Geoffrey Ernest Maurice de Ste. Croix ##

It is important because the average person's knowledge of the ancient Greek world is based on his touristic trips to ancient cities such as Ephesus. When he sees the ancient theater there and the guide says "the Athenians were very democratic", a civilization comes to life as if from outer space. However, neither ancient Greece nor Athenian democracy is anything like that. here women do not have the right to vote, because they are not seen as citizens. There are at least as many slaves as there are free citizens. Of course, they do not have the right to vote. farmers work in rural villages, they have neither the time nor the luxury to come to the city center and make democracy.

After all, democracy in ancient Greece is the work of the rich (in today's terms, let's say it comes to mind), that is, democracy is the work of the landlords in Greece. that is, scammers who make people who do not have the right of citizenship to work in their fields for full stomach makes democracy. but Greek democracy in ancient times is of course the most advanced example. Let's add this. Philosophers like Plato and Aristotle, whose names everyone knows, even if they don't read them, defend the slave system to the hilt. They also do not like the poor because they have to work. After all, in ancient Greece, the slave, farmer, craftsman, builder, etc. had no value. Philosophers and rich people have value.

This book examines the living conditions of the slaves and the poor in ancient Greece. It tells where they came from and how this order came into being. That's why it's important because to identify 1 sentence, maybe pages of documents should be cross-compared because only the rich are worth mentioning in Greece.