## A Passion of Ignorance - Renata Salecl

How do you go on with your life when so many events are happening around the world? I have come up with a beautiful work in which the answer to this question is explained by psychoanalysis, the nature of human beings and the basis of these behaviors. Why do we not want to know? detailed explanation of these questions. The work tells us about the rejection of the disease, the relations between love and ignorance, power and ignorance, and many more, about people's refuge in ignorance. A deliberately chosen ignorance. Every age breeds its own ignorance. When people encounter information that is difficult to bear (reasons for abandonment, a deadly disease, death itself, genetics of crimes, etc.), they somehow take refuge in ignorance. However, the author clearly tells us that ignorance and denial are not the same thing. Conscious denial and conscious ignorance are two separate concepts. While denial is sometimes an inevitable end in order to survive; sometimes it feeds collective fears over which tyrannical hierarchies gather power. You can take a look at this work, which was written by dealing with today's issues.

In today's post-truth, post-industrial world where knowledge and the ways of accessing knowledge are redefined, it is sometimes impossible to distinguish between truth and falsehood, which leads to an ever-increasing number of people who deliberately choose not to know. Drawing on philosophy, psychoanalytic and social theory, popular culture, and his own experiences, he examines the social and psychological causes of ignorance, making references to the arguments of Lacan, Foucault, Claude Lévi-Strauss; He draws attention to how the passion of ignorance affects many areas of our lives, from love to illness, from trauma to genetics, from forensic medicine to big data.