## A People's History of the World - Chris Harman

I think you should have a lot of time, especially to read this book. Because it doesn't end easily. A book that requires patience to understand and be knowledgeable.
     
The book is covered in a very comprehensive way. When you read it, I think you will be able to see the history of peoples and their experiences. I think you will have such a revival. As a matter of fact, the book was handled as realistically as possible in line with my ideas. Of course, no book can fully convey the history of peoples to us. But this book will not only satisfy the curiosity of those who look at it with academic curiosity, who will try to tell you about the peoples and their history with limited time and opportunities, but also will make them more curious in particular. I think that it is a very good book in the field of research, analysis and especially history.

What is not in the book? From the uprising of Homo sapiens to the civilizations. From the Sumerian script to the ancient civilizations. Europe's dark ages and scholastic thought. From Greek culture to scientific enlightenment. From Egyptian civilization to the French revolution.. 1st and 2nd World Wars, the cold war and today.. What more? It is obvious that the subjects are not equally focused or included. Especially today, he found a place in the book very little. Events such as the French Revolution are given much more space. Of course, we can be criticized for this, but we should not hesitate to say what is our place. One of the situations you will encounter in the book is the history of women and the history of capital. I think that you, like me, will deplore the impact of capital on societies. Against the wars initiated by the capital, "were these wars really necessary?" the reader can't help but say. Looking internally, I think we will understand the helplessness and stupidity of the peoples of the world. I made this last sentence by apologizing to all of you. At least I hope so. Again and again, we will understand how cruel we can be in the face of the examples of Inca, Mayan, Aztec, Rwanda, Algeria, Africa, China, Pakistan, India.

The work, which also expresses the birth of various political doctrines, also explains to us that they could not cure the problems in the last way. From this point of view, it can be a very productive read for politics enthusiasts. It's hard not to be astounded at parts like class divisions and the history of slavery.