## John Barleycorn - Jack London

There isn't a book by Jack London that I've read and disliked yet. Each of his works is so instructive and simple that I feel like I'm having a conversation with my friend while reading it. Our author, who talked about meeting alcohol and the concepts of masculinity of the period, especially sailors using alcohol to comply with this concept, but not only that, but also understood what alcohol felt like, his own development, and the fact that he had to adopt alcohol, which he did not like enough to be called hatred. London wrote this book with the encouragement of his wife 3 years before he died. The fact that it is an autobiographical book allows us to better understand the author's other books while reading.

I think John Barleycorn is the best book to read about the relationship between alcohol and alcohol from the mouth of an alcoholic. It is even possible to extend this for all dependencies. London has very well described how addiction begins, how it grips people and how it becomes harder to get rid of it day by day. The novel is very impressive because it is narrated from the mouth of an alcoholic, but it is also inconsistent. Because, like many other addicts, our author denies that he is addicted when appropriate -“I am not addicted, I quit when I want”-, he hates the drunkards he sees on the streets and is afraid to be like them -“I am not like them, I have a strong body. Even if I drink more than them, I can't wobble when I walk, my mouth doesn't slip, my tongue doesn't slip.”-, then suddenly vomits anger at alcohol-“Friendship with John Barleycorn is suicide”-. In other words, with all sincerity and inconsistency, he shares with us what an alcoholic goes through and how he feels. In the final chapter of his book looking for the culprit, London blames the majority of the blame on governments that allow the free sale of alcohol, and proposes that liquor be banned everywhere. He argued that if it could not be reached every time, addiction to alcohol would decrease significantly. As a matter of fact, after his death, he left his mark on America's famous prohibition period and became a propaganda tool for the group that wanted alcohol to be banned - and won. Banned in 1919, as London suggested, sales of liquor were abolished in 1933, when political establishments became heavily corrupted, paving the way for a massive smuggling mafia.

Would it have been different for Jack London if alcohol had been banned? Frankly, I don't think so. “The price John Barleycorn has imposed is suicide, short or long; spilling out suddenly, or leaking out for years. No one who befriends John Barleycorn can avoid paying the price that is due to him.” Someone who is aware of the harm of alcohol to say that it is not forbidden to quit alcohol; but I think she needs more love, attention, rest, forgiveness and therapy.

To get to know this brave man better, I suggest you read John Barleycorn.