## Science: A Four Thousand Year History - Patricia Fara

Patricia Fara's book that turns the classical understanding of the history of science upside down. He explained very well how the Eurocentric, androcentric understanding of the history of science was not like that at all, how science evolved within power relations, how paradigm shifts were experienced, and how many of the things we call so-called bad science today are embraced by "scientists", whom we regard as heroes. This is one of my favorite books ever. "When we look at the past in a whole new way, knowing what questions to ask is as important as uncovering new information," says Fara, asking critical questions on many issues, from the influence of religion on science to the relationship of alchemy and magic to science, from the role of women in the history of science to different types of science.

In my opinion the most impressive main idea about on this book is that the author is included non-popular names into historical scientific events. As I mentioned above the book is divided into 7 different chapters and all chapters start with a quote that is selected by Patricia Fara. (Origins, Interactions, Experiments, Institutions, Laws, Invisibles, Decisions) In all chapters, the author reminds us that science is a kind of cumulative progress and the most famous scientists were not "revolutionary heroes" or "lone genius" as we thought. She does not forget to honor that the non-popular heroes behind the dozens of scientific events.
Astrological observations in Babylon are really well explained with the facts. With this scope, the author brings a harsh criticism of Euro-centrism on the basis of solid evidence in the Islamic golden era or China's history.