## The Name of the Rose - Umberto Eco

The novel chronicles the investigation of the death of a priest in a monastery in Italy in 1327, over a 7-day period. Of course, there are plenty of flashbacks and side stories. But I think we can say that the main role is not this investigation, but the period itself; It's a very tense period. If you have some knowledge and interest in the Christian world of the period, if you are more or less interested in the disciplines I have just listed, you can read it without getting bored. you do not need to be an expert; Your basic school knowledge, which is summarized with the sentence scholastic thought and the church were dominant in the geography of the period, will also be sufficient. This is where the historical novel characterization comes into play. the narrator and other characters convey the necessary information by explaining. maybe the intensity can be a bit tiring, but the author's language helps you enough during this tiring journey. As the author states, if you manage to read the first hundred pages, you get used to the rhythm of the story; you may even realize that you are watching the events instead of reading them in many places. but i have to admit that i broke down in some long descriptions. I overcame this problem by admitting that I didn't have to visualize everything so clearly in my head. This whole novel is an allegory and throughout the book we watch the clash of two main currents of thought and philosophical dilemmas that have been going on for thousands of years in the history of philosophy. Idealism and materialism; Plato and Aristotle; rationalism and empiricism, freedom and security; commoners and elites; reality and illusion; deduction and induction, benefit and harm of knowledge, etc. In this way, we understand how thoughts affect people and institutions, and follow the debates that have been going on for thousands of years through a concrete murder case. This is a must-read for anyone interested in philosophy.

Also, from today's perspective, you do not encounter a very foreign world; The conflict between religion and science, the power struggle between religious authority and political power, theological disagreements, sectarian divisions are issues that we know and to some extent we also experience.