## Alamut - Vladimir Bartol

Beautiful slaves who just met Hasan Sabbah's heaven on earth on the one hand, and the bouncers who are his most reliable warriors on the other. When their eyes are opened in the paradise created by Sabbah, their lives change in an unexpected way.
The story takes place in 11th-century Iran in the Alamut Fortress, where self-proclaimed prophet Hasan Sabbah devised a wild and at the same time clever plan to dominate the region by transforming a chosen group of people into suicide assassins. Creating a virtual paradise of beautiful women, lush gardens, wine and poppy, Sabbah convinces his young warriors that they can go to this paradise if they follow their orders. He thinks that he can intimidate the ruling class with this small army that devotes itself to his path and dares to die and to kill. Sabbah, in his own words, uses the purity of people and makes use of devotion to religion for his political goals. Now the doors are wide open for him.

Mirroring the era in the context of reason, politics, and intrigue, the work criticizes the period and humanity in its entirety through the eyes of its three characters. "History always repeats itself." Vladimir Vartol decides to write Alamut: The Fortress of the Fedayeen as a result of a recent event. The book, which has the draft in his mind for many years, is written with the murder of Yugoslav King Alexander I by Bulgarian and Croatian nationalists allegedly appointed by the Italian fascist government. For this reason, in the first original edition of the novel, there were also sentences that mockingly evoke Benito Mussollini. Using devotion to religion to his political ambitions, Hasan Sabbah goes so far as to prepare a false paradise in order to convince his sacrifices, which are made up of a very few selected special people, to believe in his cause. The cult leader, who gives place to beautiful slave women, each resembling the hori, does not neglect to make the atmosphere more fascinating with the poppy and wine he gave to his sacrifices. The leader, who intimidated the ruling class of the Great Seljuk State with his warriors who will die and kill for him, shapes his secret plan that will give him immortality and absolute power in the sheltered shadow of Alamut Castle. The novel, which explores his relations with Ömer Hayyam, who interprets the period with his scientist and artist personality, and Nizamülmülk, a political genius, deals with the crazy and clever plans of a cult leader who plans to instill fear in everyone's hearts.