## Wooden Eyes - Carlo Ginzburg

Other than the familiar names such as Plato and Aristotle, the names of people whose names I have not even heard of are mentioned; Some are writers, some thinkers, some are painters. The concept of distance has been handled within the framework of different fields. For example, the relationship between idol and image, inclusion and exclusion in style, Jews and Christians, the thoughts of the authors... It is very difficult to internalize this book, which was written after intense research. But at the same time, it carries thoughts that I know I will never regret from the parts that penetrated my brain. It is difficult to read and understand, but if we consider the pandemic process we are in and the distance we need to keep between us and the outside, it is a good time to read this book.

Carlo Ginzburg makes a true definition of distance, and in their deep analyzes that include perspective, representation, image and myth, they question the possibilities of human vision and offers a great perspective. The author evaluates the Judeo-Christian antagonism, which has emerged once again on the subject of intimacy, both from the inside and from the outside – on the one hand, with the perspective of the Jewish identity that emerged as a result of oppression, on the other hand, through the eyes of someone who looks at the Christian culture in which he grew up. It examines the concepts of perspective, representation, image and myth, starting from familiarity and strangeness. As it progresses from Aristotle to Marcus Aurelius, from Montaigne to Voltaire, Wooden Eyes, which spans areas such as philosophy, history, philology and ethics and presents examples from today's popular culture, is a book that will surprise its readers with its richness of detail and its genius in relating these details.