## The Transformation of the World - Jurgen Osterhammel

It belongs to a German writer who developed himself in the field of world history. The author presents a portrait of the 19th century in his work. The book begins by explaining what it means to perpetuate the century under consideration, and ends by discussing the term anti-Semitism. The author, who explains the century-old process without considering it within the framework of Western-centred thought, thus goes beyond the usual narratives. Presenting a global perspective in his work, Osterhammel also deals with the process from the American Revolution that took place after the second half of the 18th century to the Eurasian revolutions that took place after the 1900s. The book also covers concepts and issues such as the state, the state's intervention in the political sphere, the monarchy system, bureaucracy, democracy and nationalism from a broad perspective. The work, written by Jurgen Osterhammel, which can be used as a bedside book by many people from academics to students, can be read in one breath.

While addressing the dynamics and intertwined complex processes that changed the shape of the world throughout the “long 19th Century” and whose effects continue to the present day, it also breaks many stereotypes, such as the 19th century's almost identification with the concept of the nation-state. Traveling from Latin America to China, from the "Wild West" to the Ottoman Empire, from Europe to the Middle East, Osterhammel has a "global" perspective; A rich comparative study of world-wide convergences and differentiations, intersections and crossroads around many themes such as the change in man's relationship with nature, revolutions, the industrial revolution's transformation of the world, the rise of modern cities, the change in living standards, the state, the world of labor, migrations, slavery and abolition. An indispensable reference resource. Probably one of the best books I've ever read. I was literally swimming in knowledge.