## In Dubious Battle - John Steinbeck

Not every child is born in a good family, and when they are born in a bad family, their chances of living a good life are very low. The book explains this very well, but on the other hand, it shows very clearly that meeting good people can also lead a life that started badly towards good. Oliver Twist is a novel that looks like a child's adventures, how a poor life sees through the eyes of a child, but is a great critique of British society of its time. Oliver is a child born in a poor house, without a mother and father, even his name is randomly given. The novel, which started in a small area, reaches London as things get complicated and Oliver grows up. Dickens shows us all the dark sides in this city, where the effects of the Industrial Revolution were so fresh. As we show the corruption of society, we also witness that the little boy Oliver persistently does not give up on virtue, no matter what.

Even though the title of the book is Oliver Twist, Oliver is not the only hero. The book also shows us the leading names in the London gangs: Fagin, Sikes, Undefeated, Monk and many more... Besides, our paths cross with characters from bourgeois life, church staff as well. There are characters that symbolize innocence, as well as pure evil. I can't help but say that Nancy is the character that takes the most place in my heart.

Although the book is long in general, it is very fluent and provides a quick read by feeding with the element of curiosity. While it allows us to understand and feel the period, it can remain superficial in terms of characters. It was a novel that I thought lacked psychological depth, although I thought it was a very good satire and adventure book. Due to the return of the period, the author frequently divides the novel and adds parts that give information to the reader.