## The Master and Margarita - Mikhail Bulgakov

The devil that appears on the streets of Moscow is turning the city upside down. He introduces himself as a black magician, the devil named Woland, and his assistants are a hippopotamus-sized talking cat named Behemot, Azezello and Koroviev/Fagot. Encountering with the devil and his company, the members of the writers' union are on the verge of insanity. The whole city feels as if hypnotized, impossible things happen, impossible events happen. The Master is a book writer, and Margarita is his lover. While the master is in a mental hospital, Margarita wants to make a deal with the devil and meet her great love. So, while all this is going on, where is God, while the devil is wandering around so easily, can't anyone stop him? In addition to this magnificent story, we read chapters from the Master's book as fiction within fiction. The story tells us about an execution that took place in the settlement and some events that took place there.

While some part of the novel tells about Russia, the other part goes back to ancient times. The novel, on the other hand, begins with the two authors meeting the devil in the first pages. It is a work full of both fantasy and satire.In the surreal part of this work, Bulgakov's criticisms of the regime and the structure of Russian society at that time are explained in a very clear and literary language. According to him, the situation of the Russian intelligentsia is deplorable. This is one of the reasons why the book was banned for a long time. First of all, it took 12 years to write this great work. If you say why it has taken so long, the reason is that our author is trying to reveal the closest to the truth, the story of Jesus and Pontius Pilate, by scrutinizing hundreds of historical and religious books and manuscripts and working without sleep from time to time. In the book, the system criticism is transformed into a philosophical discussion and the universal good-evil debate is expressed through two independent stories.

It was very interesting that the devil and his team messed up the city like this and that the writers' union ended up in a mental hospital one by one.