## Thinking Sociologically - Zygmunt Bauman

We follow the customary and monotonous movements that make up most of our day-to-day work.
As we continue, we do not feel the need to examine and analyze ourselves too much. When repeated often enough, things become familiar, and familiar things explain themselves; They do not raise questions or doubts. In a way, they are invisible. As long as people say "everything is as usual", "everyone is as usual" there are no questions to ask and almost nothing to do. Familiarity is the fiercest enemy not only of questioning and criticism, but also of innovation and the courage to change. Faced with this familiar world dominated by habits and mutually reinforcing beliefs, sociology behaves like an intrusive and often annoying outsider.Bauman states that in the life we live, we do not know the world itself, we know our relationship with the world and the world that other people and other systems have us memorized. The field of each discipline has been determined by people working in the academic field and its boundaries have been accepted in this way. Bauman says to imagine yourself in a library. History, economics, political science, anthropology, law, etc. He says that near the shelves of the books in the fields, you will also see the books belonging to the field of Sociology, left in the corner. In other words, Sociology is reflected to you as a discipline close to all these fields. However, according to Bauman, it is shown as a "leftover" discipline that collects the crumbs scattered on the floor after those who cannot agree to share these moments or keep the most beautiful pieces to themselves.

But how do we know the subject distribution of these disciplines? While interpreting the events we encounter in daily life, we do not determine the subjects of the disciplines of economics, law and political sciences, this is what we are taught, says Bauman. That's why we only know our relationship with the world, not the world.