## Count Belisarius - Robert Graves

A must read for history lovers.

The sixth century was not a very peaceful time for the Roman Empire. Western Rome has collapsed, while Eastern Rome is threatened by Vandals, Goths and Persians. These invaders fear only one person: Belisarios, the great general of the Byzantine Emperor Justinian. A good cavalryman, a skilled archer and swordsman, Belisarios makes the people proud with his victories stretching from the East to North Africa, while arousing jealousy and suspicion in the Emperor. The unending conflict between virtue and corruption is revealed in the relationship between Belisarios and Justinian.
Robert Graves describes the wars on the Persian border, the deserts of North Africa, the Italian peninsula, the religious conflicts, the Blue-Green team fights that divided Constantinople, and one of the most devastating plague epidemics in the history of mankind, the faithful servant of Belisarios' wife Antonina, the eunuch Eugenios. speaks through his mouth.

Belisarios made his first war with the Bulgarians. It caught the attention of Emperor Justinian at that time. Later, the suppression of the Nika revolts (green and blue rebellion), the victory of Carthage, the victory of the Dara war, the siege of Naples, the siege of Osimo, the problems of Africa and Sicily, the Roman defense, the victory of Colchis, the victory of Carchemish. There is only one defeat in these wars, because the emperor did not allow him to lead the army on the battlefield. He sent it later and the war was won.

Another issue is the estimated month of July during the Dara war, dysentery and plague epidemics. Rome suffered a great hunger at that time. Since only enough food was provided for the soldiers, the people suffered from hunger and thirst. More than 200,000 people have died from diseases. Belisarius met his wife at the feast of his uncle, and after his wife Antonina fell in love at first sight and the emperor's wife married them, he also became a soldier of Belisarios on the battlefields. He was with her until she died. How did Belisarius die, it's so drama. With his victories, Belisarios became the favorite of the people.