## Life of the Mississippi - Mark Twain

While conveying the physical, geographical, human and historical characteristics of the river, he talks about it as if it were a living thing. In fact, the river is so alive that he baptizes him with the name "Mark Twain", which means "two fathoms deep" on the ship Paul Jones, which he started working on in his twenties. After this "rebirth", Twain honored his godmother with his works The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and Life in Mississippi. Even his younger brother Henry's death as a result of the fire on the ship Pennsylvania, where he was working, did not overshadow his love for Mississippi. This work, in which he describes the Mississippi, one of the longest rivers in the world with a length of more than 6000 kilometers, consists of two parts. The first part, consisting of 20 chapters, is based on Twain's experiences, especially with Captain Horace Ezra Bixby, before the American Civil War, and the second part, after the war, twenty-one years after he quit his profession as a ship pilot, he travels along the river in disguise with a poet and a stenographer. It consists of transferring the changes it sees. The first part was published in a series in the Atlantic Monthly in 1875.

In Twain's years of experience, the river had not yet been "tamed" by humanity. Being a ship's pilot required great skill due to constantly changing factors such as the uncontrolled rise and fall of the water level, the objects dragged into the river posing a major problem in slow-flowing maritime traffic, and the sudden onset of fog. In this vast river of endless variables, Twain grasped what he needed to know with Captain Horace Bixby's elaborate teaching strategies. Through this journey, she gained unique learning opportunities and skills that she shared with her reader of Life in Mississippi. These parts, in which he narrates the experiences he has gained in a humorous style, also constitute one of the best parts of the book. The second part, in which he takes action with the idea of publishing his thoughts on the river, is more fictional than the first twenty chapters. The purpose of Twain's re-embarkation on this journey is to observe the changes that industrialization has made in river traffic and its environment, to monitor the post-war impact. The book, in which the change and progress in nature and culture is explained specifically in Mississippi, is considered one of the important works of American literature with this feature.s