## The Human Beast - Emile Zola

The novel takes place in 19th century France. The lives of workers on the railway between Paris and Le Havre are told. Crime and love are the main themes. A murder takes place at the beginning of the book. As we read, we learn the causes and consequences of the murder. At the same time, the political and social life of the period is also covered. This perfect fiction begins when Mr. Roubaud, who learned that his wife was abused by his foster father since childhood, first beat his wife and then said that he would kill the abusive man. Afterwards, murders, massacres, jealousies, suicides follow one after another. The author describes the people who surrendered to the wild animal inside. In doing so, they show many things to the readers. It shows how succumbing to a moment of anger will affect the future and what the consequences of this anger will cost. How people can go forward when it comes to their own interests and how this interest blinds people. The hypocrisy of people that is always known but always surprises when they meet. Every emotion experienced should be lived in the right dose.

People's ability to find an excuse to convince their minds to carry out all kinds of behavior they want and to take the obstacles in front of their at all costs. In the story, we see that anger, mistakes and bad memories are not forgotten, but rather repeated one after another. While the causes of these errors are different for each character, the result does not change much. Although there are temporary happiness, in the end a deep unhappiness and disappointment. The author has presented a story worthy of the title of the book. It was a book where I couldn't like any of the characters in the book, couldn't empathize, and couldn't make sense of their behavior.