## The Cheese and The Worms - Carlo Ginzburg ##

The late sixteenth century. A miller lives in a mountain village in Italy, which everyone calls Menocchio. This poor peasant, whose Latin language is scarce, challenges the huge Inquisition. Menocchio, who has acquired, translated into folk language and reads all the books, creates his own theory of the universe in that dark age. If it is left to him, the world derives from chaos like wolves formed in spoiled cheese. God, his strength to everyone; He gave "Jews, Turks, Christians and even deviants" equally and did not favor anyone. As for Jesus, he is also an ordinary, poor peasant. Hell and purgatory are what priests and monks made up to rob the people.This peasant, who does not know how to retreat in the face of the Inquisition, puts all the power of religion before he is thirsty. He was sentenced to death by the Inquisition at the same time as the mathematician philosopher Giordano Bruno, who said to his judges, "You may be very afraid of me when sending me to death," and burned alive because he did not deny his beliefs.While examining the position of folk culture against power, Ginzburg rewrites the history based on the documents and the Inquisition records left to date.

Carlo Ginzburg wrote in this book by making use of very rich archives of inquisition courts The Menocchio was punished by the inquisition, under the books he read, with significant objections and opinions to Catholicism. Among the books that this miller reads, there is a Quran published in Italian in 1543.

A book that offers 54 pages of resources, in case you are in doubt about how much detailed information about the case in one of the villages in the 16th century was reached.