## The Children Act - Ian McEwan

Our main heroine is a middle-aged judge lady. She works in family law court and constantly rules over divorces, custody, property divisions, alimony. But the file that is the subject of the book is a little different from these. The hospital is taking the atypical case to court for urgent consideration when a 17-year-old child from a Jehovah's Witnesses family refuses a blood transfusion needed during cancer treatment because it violates her beliefs. He's Adam Henry. That case urgent because if a decision is not made immediately, the boy's life will be in danger.

In this case, being the decision maker is a nightmare in itself, while Fiona, the judge, is dealing with her husband in midlife crisis and is fighting on all fronts of her life at the same time. Fiona does what she thinks is right on all fronts, she makes the decisions she believes she must make. But all she can determine is her own decisions, Fiona has no discretion over the consequences of those decisions. The disposition of those under the age of 18 on their own bodies, the limits of the parent's decision authority, the conflict between freedom of belief and the right to life, the freedom of belief and the physician's obligation to perform the necessary treatment, the competition of freedom of belief and the best interests of the child; whether the judge's private life is reflected in the provisions he gives, and to what extent a judge's relationship with one of the parties to the judgment should get closer in terms of professional ethics. Blood is human nature. It is the soul, the soul, the life itself. Just as the soul is holy, so is the blood. Blood is a gift of life that every living thing should be grateful for. To mix one's own blood with the blood of an animal or other human being is to be contaminated. It is the rejection of God's gift. Therefore, blood transfusions should be rejected.

For these reasons, Adam Henry refuses a blood transfusion and judge Fiona faces a difficult decision. Fiona will either refuse Adam Henry's will and consent to a blood transfusion, or blatantly let a child die. It is indeed a difficult decision to consider.