## Brave New World - Aldous Huxley

Huxley's magnificent dystopia. what he describes is exactly what we call prosperity today and strive and struggle to achieve it; an industrial society, civilization. If we look at the period he wrote, his prediction of consumption society is especially admirable. It is a science fiction work that exposes man to the question of whether it is a world in which everyone is happy or a world in which each individual carries a different color, kneaded with pain, intrigues and joys.

In the book, the world started to change with the development of Henry Ford's moving belt system and the acceleration of mass production. So much so that in the newly established order, a new milestone has been determined, before and after Ford. With the further advancement of technology, the possibility of controlling every point of people's lives has arisen, and as a result of the Nine Years' War, the world has been divided into two, the global World State consisting of ten regions and a separate region outside the borders of this state. Whatever is natural has now been eliminated.

I think the most important point discussed in the book is the freedom and stability dilemma. If happiness is desired due to stability and order in a society, there should be a dominant, if possible, only one way of thinking and system. When people express their thoughts freely, different understandings, different religions, different gods and different morals emerge. However, this freedom comes at a high price. The coexistence of these differences makes conflict and chaos inevitable. However, almost every ideology and system that is built aims to dominate a single thought in the society. In the book, the name of Bernard Marx, the man of the system, the combination of the names of the advocate of socialism, George Bernard Shaw and Karl Marx, and the name of Mustafa Mond from the combination of the names of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk and the British industrialist Sir Alfred Mond; It is not for nothing that Lenina Crowne's name comes from Vladimir Lenin, and that of Henry Foster comes from Henry Ford. No matter how different their thoughts, ideologies and goals are, the world these leaders and thinkers want to create is not different from the Brave New World. When the goal is stability and happiness for all, the result is uniformity.