## The People of the Abyss - Jack London

It is based on Jack London's observations of London's poor neighborhoods in disguise. The problems addressed in the novel are not only the inequalities of opportunity, swamps of misery and poverty of the 1900s. It draws a portrait of the horrible, terrifying and gigantic masses of people who have crossed the boundaries of space and time until today, who are exhausted in the game of winning life, who are dragged to the grave in misery, unable to provide even the basic needs and with their ground-up lives, which cannot be called a life lived. And he invites the reader, that is, us, to face these realities.

What devastates a person is not death or even starvation. Many people have died; everyone will die. But what we do not know why is to live miserably; working hard and still not gaining anything; To be overtired is to be isolated, to be wrapped in a cold universal bond. Jack London embarks on a journey to show the world the misery of England's East End. He has to disguise because if he can't convince them that he is one of them, he can't get inside them, he can't reach his goal. The misery is blood-chilling. Those who scavenge for food, homeless people who sleep on the streets where dirt and various diseases are rampant, lonely children. It is a book that encourages empathy, embarrasses people when trying to empathize, and makes you think a lot. The more you see the gap between the poor and the rich, it hurts and shames one's heart to know that the vast majority of the world is in that abyss. The fact that children die without living like human beings even for a day in their lives, that their death is considered better than life, that dozens of people are locked in a room and sleep there, are under difficult conditions to feed themselves. It's a shame that people are working, people are being exploited and the authorities are not doing anything to improve this situation even though they see it. Jack London offers us a slice of England, but this is the problem of the world, the problem of humanity. I wish no child, no old man, no living creature saw the face of hunger and misery, no one had to live in need of something. It is not an easy book to read, although it is a bit of a problem to give statistics towards the end, it is a book that shakes you up, I would like everyone to read it.