## Martin Eden - Jack London

Martin, an uneducated and poor person, falls in love. The girl he fell in love with belongs to a different social class than himself. She wants to change her life after falling in love. intellectual, educated and cultured people want to be included in this social class. thanks to his talent, intelligence and superhuman effort; He becomes a famous writer who is admired and admired by these people who despised him in the past. however, as he enters among these people, he begins to see the corruption of this class and the artificiality of the people he takes as an example. Although he succeeded by putting his life in his teeth, everything and everyone becomes meaningless to him. As he gains in these senses, he realizes that he has lost a lot. he is lost in his dreams. He lost his love, his love of life, his faith. He realizes with horror that he was happier in the past. The more he knows, the higher he rises, the more exhausted the Martin...

This book is an attack on individualism. Martin is an extreme individualist, unaware of the needs of others. When his dreams are lost, he has nothing to live for. It is both the title and the protagonist of Jack London's novel, which contains elements from his own life. While the protagonist of the novel is rolling in a miserable life, he falls in love with a woman who is different from himself and who he describes as almost a goddess, and begins to discover his own abilities with this love, actually his main motivation is that the one he loves loves her, but gradually he realizes how ordinary the woman, who is the object of this motivation, makes him love himself and his life. realizes that like all other things in life, the goddess has become an ordinary woman. He is no longer in love, he is smart, and his intelligence is crushed by the pointlessness of continuing this life any longer. He ends his life with a serious will, by overcoming the impulsive tendency of his body to live in the sea, just like the willful behavior he shows when he falls in love. In addition to that, one of the biggest personal satisfaction problems today is that once you achieve something that is highly desired, it no longer matters. this book reveals the existence of such a point of view even a century ago. likewise, it strikes us that the concept of 'regular work' has not changed for 100 years.
