## Auto da Fe - Elias Canetti

It is Elias Canetti's first novel written at the age of 26 - he hasn't written many novels anyway. There is Mass and Power, the author's book for which he spent 30 years, There are Voices in Marrakech narrative. There are also games and different books. However, we can say that this book, which was banned by the Nazis after its publication and had a great influence on the author's Nobel Prize in Literature in 1981, is Canetti's masterpiece.

I would like to point out here. You can't empathize with any of the characters in the book, almost all of them are bad people, relatively. More precisely, these are the people who do the right things according to their capacity to get what they want in line with their ambitions, and what they do is bad for us. Anyway, Kien marries Therese somehow and the end of the world begins for him. Almost all the men in the book have a mindset that is hostile to women. I think Canetti may have wanted to reflect the social structure of that period. That classic cold war after marriage starts earlier than usual in this lovely family. Therese seizes every opportunity to establish her dominance. Kien makes concessions so that the order is not disturbed. He slowly loses his rooms, loses his money, gets beaten, pretends to be an idol for protection, and at the end of the episode, he escapes from his house and library with his passbook.

We see Kien's life outside in the second episode, “A headless world”. In this episode, Fischerle (Fischer'cik) comes to the fore among dozens of characters. A hunchbacked dwarf who wants to go to America and become a world chess champion - American Bobby Fischer, who was world chess champion in 1972, came to my mind, albeit unrelated. In the second part, we get into the head of this clever but different moral dwarf. Fischerle cheats Kien in various ways, "Auto da Fe" that started in the first episode continues and our main character is slowly moving towards insanity. There are some impossible facts in this episode—call it surrealist or magical reality—like carrying a library or two in a hat. But as I said, this book is a caricatured interpretation of life, so people don't care that much. The only criticism I will make about the book is that the author unnecessarily lengthens some parts in this section, or it seems to me that. In particular, some streams of consciousness of Fischerle take pages. Although this is the longest part of the book, it gives less than the first part in total. But this is the part where the society is best analyzed.

Kien's psychiatrist brother enters the fiction in the last episode, The World in the Head (if we don't count our festive character, the police ex-doorman). Maybe the only good character in the book, but he also has his own characteristics. He comes to his brother who has come to the end of the road. He takes care of everything and puts it back to normal, or rather, he leaves after thinking like that. The dialogue between the two brothers in this episode – when Kien sees his brother, he immediately returns to his old arrogant style – is quite impressive despite its misogyny. In the last part, the book ends in a way that befits its English title.