## Machines Like Me - Ian McEwan

Artificial intelligence, consent and justice, technological innovations, a wonderful book about 1980s London. One of Mcewan's best novels. This book "What makes a human?", "Is it possible for robots to understand the inner world of humans?" seeks answers to questions. This time, the author takes us to the England of the 1980s. Ian McEwan, who has created an alternative historical fiction. While the process of leaving the European Union was taking place, Alan Turing, who is considered to be the pioneer of artificial intelligence studies who committed suicide in 1954, is still alive. He also appears as one of the protagonists of the novel. Advances in artificial intelligence are quite advanced. Our main character in the novel has one of the limited number of Adams (12 Adams and 13 Eves produced) as a result of a heavy inheritance left to him. deep in thought about it.

It is an effective novel that refers to Alan Turing's great ideas on artificial intelligence and satisfactorily deals with being human, being a machine, truth, lies, revenge, love and friendship in a fiction. The most important factor that makes this alternative history in the novel different from ours is that Alan Turing, who is accepted as the initiator of artificial intelligence studies in the theoretical sense, is still alive. However, in reality Alan Turing, II. Despite his technological contributions to defeating the Nazi German war machine in World War II, he was ostracized when it was revealed that he was homosexual, and he was punished in accordance with the laws of that period and compulsory hormone "treatment" (!) was applied to him. The great genius Alan Turing committed suicide in 1954, unable to bear the heavy burden of this treatment. (At this point, let's remember Turing's movie "The Imitation Game" - "Enigma", which tells about his life and won many awards.) This tragic ending is the end point of Turing's life story in our reality. As stated in the novel, in order for these Adams and Eves not to become monstrous like in Frankenstein, the fact that Asimov's First Robotic Law—“A robot cannot injure a human or, by inaction, cause a human injury by being inactive”- was coded in their main software, robots and a salute and homage sent by the author to the great master who successfully handles the interactions between humans and robots in literature.