## Ideas - Peter Watson

I will not summarize the book in all its details here, but it reveals ideas from the first people to the 20th century in depth. While doing this, you see thinkers that are both chronologically related, which is exciting, fed into certain perspectives, and they teach you history, anthropology, philosophy, etc. It tells what is going on in a holistic way by feeding the perspectives, canon texts and ways of understanding the world. I must state that what is described in the book is mostly the history of western ideas. This is a natural consequence of the author's being western, of course, but when the reader is not a westerner, a sensitivity naturally arises:) Other cultures are also included in the book, but this is covered very briefly, only limited to its western effects. For example, the number of western philosophers mentioned in the book is too high to be compared with the number of eastern philosophers.
The author exhibited a rather biased attitude, especially in terms of religious belief. His lack of religious belief is not a subject to be criticized, but a large part of the book consists of criticism of Christianity and almost all of the people whose views are included are against religion.
The author's biased attitude is also valid in terms of nationalism. The phrase in the book about India, long exploited by Britain, is troubling: India, the world's largest democracy, owes more to the British monarchy than is said (p. 963). In the section titled Eastern Renaissance, the period after the Ottoman Empire started to buy things from the west after the renaissance of the Ottoman Empire after the 2nd Siege of Vienna was understood (pages 843-845). These examples can be multiplied. In conclusion, it is a very detailed book that I can recommend to those interested in the subject.