## To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee

The events of Jem and Scout's lawyer father Atticus, who defended Tom Robinson, a black man on trial for an unjust rape crime, and the way they reflect this to children are the cornerstones for the resolution of the book. Atticus is a really strong and strong character. He is a great character who does not bow his head against injustice, does not adopt prejudices, accepts people as they are, considers empathy a duty, tries to instill these in his children, and is positive, patient and determined in his profession and life. The person who impressed me the most in the novel was definitely Atticus. We deny it, but we are in the herd mentality. We are part of the masses that crushed Tom Robinson, who was tried by the court for rape because he was black, in different colors and in different tones. Can we say that we think for ourselves? We think like others. If an opinion that a community does not accept is an opinion that we do not accept, it has already taken the place of our opinion. This is not due to insecurity. It comes from not filtering the ideas that are the product of brainstorming that others have come up with. We look at it like this: The position, profession, assets, etc. of the person who came up with the idea. This should not get in the way of our will. If it gets in the way, Prejudices, constant movements and egocentrism will continue to suffocate us in our own home and we will continue to face racism and similar evils. A book, such a book, should make you think about such things, and it also makes you think.

To become numb. When something bad happens to a person, his feelings need to flare up. I talked about egocentrism. The great disease of our age. To be able to feel and to sense, without making us numb; It should be done before it happens to us, it should take us under control of our emotions. Just like Atticus. It should be in our circle to get rid of selfishness and empathize... They should be able to resist the suffering and injustice with their tongue, if not with their hands, with their heart if not with their tongue. As I turned the last page, I felt how bluntness took hold. A book should remind some things, some forgotten things...