## An Edible History of Humanity - Tom Standage

The book tells us about the eating history of humanity. The adventure that started with hunting continues with the transition to agriculture. Here, the author explains to us why agriculture was adopted and what its pros and cons were. These are the things expected from the book. More interesting topics await us in the following pages. As a matter of fact, the author, who explains to us the relationship between food and power in the following chapters, also traces food in the roots of the empire. Explaining how potatoes and corn affect the population, the author explains how important food supply is during wars, using wonderful examples. Apart from these, while underlining the importance of agriculture in industrialization, we read about the failures of socialist countries that tried to make a breakthrough in this regard and realize how stupid Mao was. In the last chapters of the book, we read about the green revolution in agriculture, that is, the use of nitrogen and the impact of this situation on societies, and we finish the book after learning the working style and importance of the seed bank in Norway.

Throughout history, food has done much more than just fill the stomach. It has been a technological tool that helps establish empires, contributes to industrialization, determines the fate of wars and thus directs the development of humanity. Tom Standage, B.C. in China It reveals the role food has played in shaping and transforming societies, from the emergence of farming in 7500 BC to fuel production today. While doing this, he uses fields such as archaeology, anthropology and economics. A fascinating history of the role food plays in the transformation of humans. In his book, Standage shows not what changes in the food, but what the food changes. It definitely needs to be read to understand social development.

An Edible History of Humanity, which is a very enjoyable read and a reference source, traces the story through Europe, Asia and the Americas, and draws surprising conclusions by touching on the unknown aspects of food allocation underlying events such as the Napoleonic Wars and the collapse of the Soviet State. With the book, you understand at once that food has done much more than just filling the stomach in history, and that it is a technological tool that helps establish empires, contributes to industrialization, determines the fate of wars and thus directs the development of humanity. The author, who also touches upon PI178383 Coded Turkish Wheat in detail, offers us a broad horizon in illuminating the issues discussed today, from genetically modified organisms to the relationship between food and poverty, the environmental effects and consequences of modern methods applied to agriculture in local food movements, and the politicization of food.