## The Rebel - Albert Camus

You need to know about Simon, Mikhail Bakunin and other existential, surrealist, socialist, idealist high-level thinkers. He tried to establish his own thought by making use of the works of important writers such as Dostoyevsky and Tolstoy. It is a work of knowledge and vocabulary that can be understood and assimilated by real readers. You will arrive at what the concept of human in human means. He considers rebellion as one of the basic dimensions of man. Too abstract, in a structure that can cause confusion and complexity in the mind. You sit down and question your existence. If you are not versatile, if you have not read most of the classical works, if your reasoning skills are not developed, it will be a little difficult for you to make sense of this work. The process of rebellion is conveyed as a post-reflective action process. It is a triggering book on principles and stance on behalf of rebellion, consciousness, cognitive reaction and awareness of their rights. From the first human to the present, the sociological life of the human being, social events and the individual's attitude towards the events, his position and the rebellion process is a bit slow for the person. It is a book that left deep traces on the thoughts and results of the rebellions of Hegel, Marx, Nietzsche, Dostoyevsky, Saint-Just, Comte de Lautréamont, who left their mark on the historical field. While reading the book, it is normal for you to be in limbo most of the time, and then it is a gripping book with thoughts that come to light.

It is not a boring book among the most difficult books to read here as it is necessary to explain. There are so many words and authors. The philosophy of the person who removes love; It is against lies, injustice and violence. What he wants, not unlimited freedom, is the redefinition of borders. The rebellious man sets a new frontier. If man were able to bring unity to the world by himself, if Man could bring the dominion of justice on his own, he would be God himself. He died in the devil with God, and from his ashes came a degenerate demon who could no longer even see which way he had gone. I rebel; so we are.