## The War of the Poor - Eric Vuillard

Thomas Muntzer asks a "why?" When he posed the question, he neither questioned the source of creation nor the duties deemed necessary in this world. In his age, Thomas Muntzer did not receive as much attention as Martin Luther, who led to the emergence of the Protestant Church. He could not be institutionalized like Martin Luther, but he rose up like a Spartacus and gathered the peasants and the poor like Williams Wallace. His fundamental question was: "Why can't we be equal in this world?" The spark that drove Muntzer to rebellion was the same for the reasons that aroused his predecessors. The sixteenth century, which lasted until his own age (some, especially the issue of equality still continues), that is, that he saw it continued throughout his life; heavy taxes, the arbitrary attitude of the princes and their avengers, the church's glorification of it even though they were drowning in poverty, the pleasure of priests and bishops while the peasants were fighting hunger, the first night rule... encouraged Muntzer to revolt.

Perhaps the highest issue attempted in this uprising is the ability of the people to listen and even read the holy book in their own language. This is a revolution in itself. Of course, the church strongly opposes this. The slaughter begins as soon as this uprising raises concerns that it will displace people and lose their lives. People begin to be slaughtered. Muntzer is cursed like his predecessors. This war has been going on for centuries. The supporters of progress are repelled by dozens, perhaps hundreds, of methods. Today they do this in the name of democracy. While the peoples are still struggling with poverty, the states and religious institutions are in joy. And still today, poverty is portrayed as a reward. Muntzer, including those before and after him, fought a great battle. However far from Lutheran understanding they were, they attributed their war against the church to their own Christian beliefs. That was their biggest mistake. Maybe when they achieved enlightenment, they would criticize the reason for their departure, but they were deprived of it, just as they were deprived of many things.