## Elementary Principles of Philosophy - Georges Politzer

It explains dialectical materialism in the closest and most understandable way based on the views of Marx and Lenin, is a collection of the lectures of Georges Politzer, who was shot dead by the Nazis in 1942 at the age of 39, at the Workers University in the 1935-1936 academic year, by his students. a work of art.
The book, in which the principles of Dialectical Materialism and examples from daily life are examined in detail, can properly introduce the Marxist doctrine, and the work that we do not expect to present an impartial eye based on the identity of its author can clearly reveal the Marxist point of view. That draws attention to the gap between the two main philosophical currents that try to explain the world. The book, which deals with idealism and materialism in detail, is a valuable work that approaches the fundamental problem of philosophy with a scientific approach. Explaining the explanations of the question of why, the world view of the opposite way of thinking, in a clear language.

As the title of the book suggests, it is an introduction to philosophy. What is meant to be explained is expressed using a plain language and unnecessary information pollution is avoided. The author also encourages the reader to read other books by quoting from different books. It presents a general information feast by dealing with different aspects of capitalism, socialism, Marxism, dialectic and many other concepts. This is the kind of book that anyone who doesn't like philosophy will read with interest.