## An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding - David Hume

In this book, David Hume explained the words, terms and concepts that people use in daily life through philosophy and started a very good discussion on the way people understand them. A book that is easy to read but requires serious attention to understand. It is a work that focuses on the source that people use while gaining knowledge, that is, in which sense or reason debates about giving meaning and understanding. He briefly touched on the idea of impressions and ideas and focused more on “causality” in the work. Hume, who made a great contribution to the history of philosophy with his criticism of the principle of causality, turns to the content of the mind and the ability to understand in order to examine human science and nature. According to him, the perceptions of the mind take two forms; ideas and impressions. Arguing that all our ideas come from our impressions, he argues that there is no impression that corresponds to the idea of causality, that this principle cannot be proven neither by reason nor by experiment, and is merely a mental habit.

I think Hume, by evaluating the criticisms he received throughout his life, had the concern of addressing the general public more by summarizing and simplifying the ideas he first formed by making use of the different thought systems that emerged at that time. The text not only carries empiricism to the next level, offers appropriate answers to skeptical objections, discusses the nature and limits of metaphysical thought, but also makes very pertinent observations about more concrete and everyday issues (such as freedom and miracles). It should be read by anyone who is interested in philosophical texts and has a minimum knowledge of the subject.