## A Brief History Of Time - Stephen Hawking

Stephen Hawking's awesome book. It has been on the bestseller list on London Sundays for 237 weeks, selling more than biblical. It describes the past and future state of the universe, why and how we existed, down to the finest details of the universe. It is also a work that started with the first philosophers and has reached this day and conveys all views. In my opinion, instead of reading the holy books that you don't even know the meaning of in the morning and evening, open this book. Make sure everything will be much brighter. It is one of the must-read books on physics, simplified with beautiful analogies to subjects such as the universe and time, told in a language that can be understood by enthusiasts without even the slightest knowledge of the subject. A book so full that I want it to be read for everyone. Stephan Hawking's book, which will create a lot of change from right to left, top to bottom, from easy to difficult, from nothing to your point of view, contains many information and theories about existence.

Whenever I read such a book or watch a documentary, it comes to my mind how small simple beings we are in the universe, I forget all my troubles. As a result, it is clear that Stephen Hawking wanted to reach everyone while writing this book, and I think he has succeeded. A Brief History of Time broke a record by staying on the Sunday Times bestseller list for 237 weeks, the UK's best-selling newspaper. While reading the book, you may have difficulty understanding some theories and some discussions. I think you don't have to understand it perfectly. But I think we should look at the universe we live in much more meaningful thanks to this masterpiece that S. Hawking wrote after losing his ability to speak.