## Les Paysans - Honore de Balzac

In the novel, while it is told by the bourgeois that the peasants are lawless, rebellious, rebellious, dangerous and self-interested enough to even attempt in the village, on the other hand, the peasants actually know the rules but do not adopt this order, they think that this order does not bring any benefit, so they are pragmatist. explained from the point of view. Although the intense descriptions and sentences used in the book seem like posts that vilify the villagers, they show that we can actually comprehend the criticism made to the other segment through commentary within the poor-rich comparison. "Lord, if your divine will is to flood the poor to change societies, I understand that you leave the rich to blind." When he says this, he expresses this situation, and in fact, we are made to feel that the peasantry should strive and struggle to become rich and that it is necessary to be open-minded, rather than a criticism. Many people who read the novel may think that the "peasants" have been knocked down. No ! In fact, with this critical expression, the villagers were used as a litmus point that human beings should be smart, conscious and improve their social status.Most of the narrations in the book show us the fact that even though we live in the city, we are no different from the villagers in the novel. The sentence "For the villagers, it doesn't matter whether an action is legal or ethical, as long as it is beneficial" in the book, actually strikes us in the face of the fact that most of us are still individuals with a peasant's head.

It is an interesting book that shows that the villagers will not refrain from even murder if they protect their interests, and focuses on their lives and relationships, and their view of the world. The spirit and characteristics of the farmers would not have been described in the human comedy, and as Balzac stated in the foreword, the peasant spirit in their ivory towers was not very interested in the aristocracy.
Another interesting point is Balzac's claim that the peasant is the enemy of the bourgeois just as the aristocracy is the enemy of the petty bourgeoisie.