## The Wretched of the Earth - Frantz Fanon

Frantz Fanon's most famous work to analyze the psychological consequences of colonialism on colonial peoples, The Wretched of the Earth is known as the manifesto of anti-colonial struggle and the freedom of the Third World. He was the inspiration for the national liberation movements in Africa and the Black Panthers organization in the United States.

Europeans, open this book, look inside. After taking a few steps in the dark, you will see strangers gathered around a fire; come closer and listen to them. They discuss the fate they deem worthy of your agents and the mercenaries guarding them. Maybe they will see you, but they will continue to talk to each other without even lowering their voices. Their indifference strikes you from your heart: their fathers, those creatures living in the shadows, your creations, were dead souls; It was you who gave light to them, they would only address you, but you wouldn't bother to answer these zombies. Their sons are ignoring you. The fire that warms and illuminates them is not yours. Standing with a respectful distance, you will feel fugitive, nocturnal, finished. Now it's your turn. You are now zombies in this darkness where another dawn will arise.

Fanon thinks that Europe literally created the third world. Therefore, the enrichment of Europe caused the impoverishment of the third world. It criticizes the fact that the materials sent by the European developed countries to third world countries under the name of aid are already seen as the right of the third world people. Because the European colonists took everything that had happened to the others through exploitation and got rich.