## The Plague - Albert Camus

It tells the story of people battling a plague epidemic that broke out in the Algerian city of Oran. As the perception turns everyone's life upside down in the city, it causes people to question how valuable their own lives are. Throughout the novel, while focusing on the lives and relationships of the characters, it is observed how the epidemic interferes with people's lives. The story captures society's reaction to the masses, the desperation and despair that people experience during their time in quarantine. The novel deals with the burden of the epidemic on people not only physically, but also psychologically, socially and taking into account. "Plague" depicts the meaninglessness of people's lives, the pain and absurdity that exists in life. The novel deals with the themes of Camus, who was influenced by existential philosophy, questioning the existence of man. The novel deals with people's search for survival, how they don't like it even when they go back to their daily routine, and people's desire to express what they use. Camus also draws attention to the social sphere in his novel "The Plague". It tells about the effects of the epidemic on the religious society, how people react, their efforts to put themselves in order and the results of the social order. By telling the stories of different characters from various layers of society, the novel depicts what people experience and how they perceive others.


Using the metaphor of the plague, the feeling of abandonment begins to drain, while it will strengthen the characters in the long run; the pain of being physically and morally weak; It is a novel that describes with long, complex sentences and supports and conveys them with great analogies. However, for some readers, the "Plague" novel may be compelling due to its intense themes of attention and complex narrative. The novel takes on a pessimistic tone and sends some through a hopeless message. There may also be readers who find the book periodically boring or slow to progress.