## Confessions of an Economic Hit Man - John Perkins

I think that we are all aware of the dirty relations between states, the rulers of the country and the owners of big capital. Although we do not realize what is going on, how people are deceived, how countries are exploited, we know that these are done. While some are more conspicuous, many of these studies are carried out underwater, through people described in the book as "economic hit men". The author of the book, John Perkins, once undertook this task. The reason for writing the book is that he realized the bad intentions behind it, albeit late, and thought that something should be done. In this direction, he tells us in detail everything from how he became an economic hitman, to the people he met, to the work he did and his thoughts.

The author explains one by one how the corporatocracy, that is, companies or corporate interest groups, control the economic and political systems, how they put governments, and how, when they are not successful, they replace leaders with coups and bring people to power who will meet their own wishes. The book is important in that it shows which systems and how the states are building their global empire. When we look at the content of the author's confessions, it is revealed that the functioning of the global economic system in the world is actually not moral at all. As you read about how immoral works are carried out in these countries in order to bring prosperity, development and universal values to underdeveloped or developing countries in order to keep the welfare level of their citizens high in developed countries, I am sure that the question of what kind of world we live in will come to your mind. It is a very good book that I read with curiosity and would recommend to those who want to read it so that they can see the truth a little bit.