## The Iron Heel - Jack London

The book is set in the year 2600. Based on the notes that avis Everhard, the wife of the main character Ernest Everhard, wrote in those years and found 700 years later, it was written with footnotes that sometimes exceed a page. In the early 1900s, such a prediction was truly appreciated. The must-read Jack London book to better understand capitalism and socialism. It is a masterpiece. Because the sentences are very specific, so they come to my mind usually. almakü my shitty existing world order, the turkey's still this book comes to mind when I think of him. It is a very valuable work for me. It is a magnificent work that reveals London's foresight about the 20th century with pinpoint determinations. Considering that America was at the peak of savage capitalism in 1908 when it was written and the financial market was experiencing a developed period, it can be said that this work is a grounded analysis rather than a dystopia. While I was reading the book, I had a hard time discerning this transition in most places. Of course, time will tell how the oligarchy will be in the 27th century. After all it can be said that; The dystopian elements and the reality of the labor-exploitation order are intertwined in the work.


The oligarchy that influenced the United States in 1902; There is a working class that has to work for hours for very little wages, regardless of children, men and women. The middle class is used by Trusts as a pawn, according to Ernest. Because the middle class consisting of small shopkeepers, businessmen and craftsmen formed Trusts. The oligarchs dominated the economy as well as the politicians, the church and the courts. In the book, it is especially emphasized that the unions are dominated by oligarchs, child workers are deprived of their rights, and the increase in occupational accidents due to the long working hours due to the lack of rest breaks, and more importantly, it is emphasized that the labor law in America is illegal. He criticizes the absence of a general strike. He says that this will happen not by breaking the machines but by the laborers taking over the machines. However, it is clearly stated in the book that great prices will be paid for the workers to come to power.