## Cosmos - Carl Sagan

The book isn't just about physics, of course. It encompasses many sciences such as physics, chemistry, biology, astronomy (the main subject), geography and history. The author has dealt with many subjects in detail, from the realm of atoms to the structure of the sun, planets, stars and galaxies. Of course, the enormous size and magnificent balance in the universe, and the connection with each other, are explained in the book. It got me thinking that planets, galaxy systems and the atomic realm are worth a work of art. Indeed, atoms, stars, and the infinite depths of space are telling or making the reader feel that they could not have happened by chance. All the answers to the questions of who we are, where do we come from and where can we go are in this book. While reading, I experienced an adventure from the cell structure of a simple living thing to constellations with billions of galaxies. And when I closed the cover of the book, I was sure once again; I don't want to believe, I want to know.

The age and size of our tiny blue sphere, which is the planet of one of the countless star/solar systems within the countless galaxies within the universe/universes, the age and size of which has not yet been fully determined, compelling the human mind, occupies a tiny place inside our tiny blue sphere, which, as Sagan said, contains stardust in its mortar, Unfortunately, we, the children of the earth, cannot see that the incomprehensible and uncontrollable arrogance and ambition of the human genome is consuming this only beautiful world, which is a grain of sand on the shore of the cosmic ocean, and leading it to extinction. We are being held captive by a mental eclipse that excludes reason and science. What sane intelligent being, on the one hand, trying to discover cosmic secrets by sending vehicles into space, on the other hand, seeks to destroy itself and its genome, along with its only world that has reached a certain civilization in its 4.6 billion years of evolution? Human of course!

Again, as Sagan emphasizes, if we, held captive as nuclear hostages, cannot be the decision makers in our survival, who can? Our obligation to continue our existence is not only to ourselves, but also to that ancient and vast Cosmos, which is our source of life. For our survival, in the light of reason and science, we must be able to courageously oppose social, political, economic and religious ideas dictated by conventional patterns, and create better functioning systems. This is our duty in accordance with our scientific and ethical traditions and values.