## Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte

The novel written by the English writer Emily Bronte in 1847. this novel is also the author's only book. It tells about the love and hate experienced by heathcliff and catherine in third person The story of a family living in the so-called humming hills is told. How much a adopted child (heathcliff) changed family life, different manifestations of love, hate, alcohol, passion, etc. reflects exactly the characteristic features of the romantic period works. It is one of the best novels that tells how love affects people is not forgotten over the years. It is really sad that a writer who has such a beautiful pen has only one book. Love, revenge, family drama are all there. I was angry at Heathcliff throughout the book, sorry. Catherine is an arrogant and ambitious woman. Nelly is the hero who rules everything and speaks to everyone.

It is the book you call the classic from top to bottom. The life story of the author, his early death and the fact that this book is the only book other than poetry books is more than enough to read, but he was a woman who wrote classics and if he had a little life it would wreak havoc. If you want to feel the England of the time, who want to read a novel that flows like water with the feelings of love, passion, hatred, and grudge, sit down and read, there cannot be such a fluent language. I took the book in fear, but it tied me to itself. each character has a different story, a different feeling. There is a family knit like a century of loneliness, it is not that difficult and confusing, but it still needs to be read carefully.

This book explains so well how love turns into hate ... but so much that you cannot hurt that person. You fall in love with someone, but you hate all the people who went in and out of that woman's life and became a part of that woman. You just can't hate that woman and her memories.