## The Book of Disquiet - Fernando Pessoa

The book is an 'uneventful autobiography' collected from the notes and diaries of Fernando Pessoa after his death. He himself noted in the book that 'this book is the biography of a man who never had a life'. The texts known to have been written after the war reflect the depression and gloom of the war. Although he says, 'I always live in the present,' Mr. Pessoa is too obsessed with the past to get rid of the past and too obsessed with the future to see the future as pessimistic. Because his next sentence is: 'My past is filled with all that I failed to be.'

For 675 pages, the author makes the reader question the ordinariness of life, the simplicity of humanity, loneliness and selfhood of Pessoa, who was an accounting assistant in Lisbon, and the reader - as he himself states in the book - seems to have a 'sensual' nightmare. “Then who will save me from non-existence?' Pessoa cries out, telling the reader that he is both happy and unhappy to exist, and makes the reader experience moments of pride in his solitude while screaming for help to be saved. It is a name that has made it a duty to live like a 'grass' among people for years. While describing himself, he defined himself as "I am nothing, I imagine myself to be nothing".

The reason for the inconsistencies between the lines is Pessoa's saying "I am actually two people".

The author's language is poetic and intense. Since it is difficult to understand, it should be read in a quiet environment. It can be a bedside book for people who like to 'read themselves', although it may not seem possible to finish it in one breath, it will surely be good for our existential pain!