## The Wisdom of Life - Arthur Schopenhauer

He divided the reasons for happiness in life into three main sections. personal reasons, social reasons and financial reasons. Material causes are what we have. We want them to be quite, there is no limit to it. For this reason, materiality does not bring eternal happiness. Social reasons are issues such as our relationships with other people and our social position. Social reasons are more stable than financial reasons. but happiness here depends on other people. so this is not an exact result either. And third, personal causes consisting of body, mind, and nutrition. By nutrition, I mean everything from the food we eat to the alcohol we drink to drugs. It is always necessary to take it small, but if we look for permanent happiness here, there are types of addiction from obesity to heroinmania. you have to be careful. The body is also the activities in which a person lives in the moment, such as doing sports, making love and even fighting. Old age prevents adrenaline sports for most of us. The mind is a source of happiness that has the least dependence on foreign sources and has infinite resources, for those who know how to use it. art, religion, science or simply daydreaming. If you are looking for permanent happiness, the solution is in your mind.

What does Schopenhauer want to tell us? His life, his friendships, his society, our value to others... In short, we find many lessons about life in this book. As for how things are, it takes human individuality as its basis. It doesn't matter how things really happened; The only important thing is our way of perceiving the event. He found the recipe for knowing ourselves in solitude. In his eyes, it does not represent negative feelings such as loneliness, gloom, and being unwanted among people. On the contrary, it refers to the situation that allows people to get to know themselves. Because he sees the place where man is most free as his own solitude. It also reduces loneliness to experience. Because we are not alone when we are born. We are in a community. But over time, we turn to solitude in order to find ourselves. Loneliness also signifies self-sufficiency. The more a man is self-sufficient, the less he needs outside. That's why it doesn't matter much to Schopenhauer what others think or say about us. We cannot change people. In fact, it says frankly that you should not forgive a friend who has wronged you in that regard. Because even if you forgive him, he will think himself indispensable and will make the same mistake to you from the point where you forgive him. Although the events we experience in life seem to be different, according to Schopenhauer, they are always the same. What he means to convey with the concept of will in his general philosophy is similar.