## Germinal - Emilie Zola

I have to say that it is a real classic both with its narration and its narratives. Emile Zola has fit into this book what you cannot tell in volumes of books. It is an incredibly rich book not only in terms of literature but also in terms of knowledge and culture. In my opinion, it is a really important work that everyone should read and everyone who reads will learn a lot about life. The novel begins with a man captured by the cold, hunger, and despair close to giving up.
It ends with spring, hope and great personal changes by telling day by day the change of people around the man with the man. Personal changes obviously happen depending on the events. At the end of these events, some lose their personality, humanity, and essence, and some bring out these values they are not aware of. For the novel, it would not be wrong to say that it describes change in general, but to go more specifically, his skill in expressing enlightenment, hunger, unity or betrayal and indifference is the great success of this novel.


Emile Zola's magnificent novel, which he does not escape to romance, although he senses that he is in the ranks of the workers, and deals with both sides with their mistakes and with an extraordinary richness of detail. A wonderful novel that will never be forgotten forever. He has put into words the disgrace and misery of the miners so hard that we have officially been with them throughout the book there was one sentence in particular that really impressed me.

"bread! bread! bread!" the wonderful story of people shouting germinal. The starvation of the workers working in the coal mine and the revolt against the bourgeoisie is conveyed to the reader with Zola's magnificent observation skills. In the book, you will find deep thoughts rather than characters that you can identify with or identify with yourself; from capitalism to communism to socialism and even atheism. Moreover, all these are explained in an astonishing simplicity and with a stance that is far from pretend. While all of this makes the book fluent, the story is just as binding and engaging.