## Notes From Underground - Fyodor Dostoevsky

It is the story of a desperate person not being able to hold on to life, being mentally wounded, and gradually retreating to his shell while trying to cry out his existence to the world. His determinations throughout the book are already legendary. In short, this book is a legend in itself. He has told us about feelings and behaviors that we all feel but cannot express or describe. This is a topic that will always be appreciated. Because man is the one who waits to be understood what he cannot even tell himself. Although it says "completely imaginary" at the beginning of the book, one feels as if it is Dostoevsky's biography. Officially lived. A person who does not feel what is written can not come out of his imagination. These are lines that smell of life.

It is one of the books I interact the most in terms of time and place I read. The biggest reason for being a masterpiece must be that mostly the reader finds a piece, even if it is small from himself. If I had to self-criticize, there were pieces I found myself, for some reason these pieces did not bother me. on the contrary, I grinned in a strange way. I liked this book more when they realized that living an isolated life was not such a thing and regretted it. I liked it more when he clashed with himself at the moments he spared his word.

The fact that something is good does not show that it is true, and the moment and image that not every truth is reflective of the truth is so full that Dostoyevsky did not even want to resist the impulse of admiration that I do not like.