## The Flivver King - Upton Sinclair

In The Flivver King, the adventure of Henry Ford, who made one of his first automobiles in the 1890s and founded Ford Motor Company in a short time, in the automobile industry and the situation and struggles of the workers working in the car industry at that time are told. Although Henry Ford became partners for a while, he later bought all the rights of his company and became the world's first billionaire. There are two worlds described in the novel. Ford family and Shutt family. We see the success of the industrialist with the Ford family, and the lives of the workers on the slippery ground with the Shutt family. Three generations of the Shutt family are told. All three generations are full of ups and downs. Their lives are spent in economic insecurity and despair. The novel begins when a little boy named Abner Shutt meets his neighbor, young inventor Henry Ford. Ford is constantly trying to build a car. When he succeeds in manufacturing cars and opens a factory in the future, Abner starts working in this factory. He has been working here all his life. The Shutts' relationship with Ford remains calm or stormy.

Standardized with Ford's "car for everyone" vision, the T-Type car was a revolution for the whole world at that time. The idea of one type of car brings mass production with it. As a result of this, studies are reduced to meaningless movements that keep repeating each other. The "car for all" vision becomes a reality. A car in a house is a status symbol. Two cars in a house is a sign of higher status.
Ford, who gave the highest wages to the workers in the first years, is criticized as much as it is appreciated. However, after twenty years, these policies have changed a lot. Ford pays its workers lower than they did twenty years ago. Unionization begins among the workers. These struggles are portrayed in a very realistic way in the novel.
