## Spartacus - Barry Strauss

Spatracus is the leader of the largest and most popular slave revolt that Rome has ever seen. There isn't much information about him. Sources gave limited information. The author has used this information carefully and beautifully. In the book, starting from who Spartacus was, the reason for the rebellion and the events that took place after it were examined in separate chapters. Sometimes based on the sources, inferences were made in the areas where the sources did not provide information, and the subjects were discussed. Strategies and paths followed by Spartacus; The battles he won and his demise and death are well studied. It is both a biography and a work that can shed light on the historical events of the period. The author's handling of the topics also deserves appreciation. While no commander or soldier who fought or even defeated him is remembered, no one has forgotten him. Whether his aim is to destroy Rome or to gain his freedom and take revenge will always remain in doubt, it is a fact that he is a great warrior.

The Spartacus revolt, which started with only 74 men, soon turned into a serious military action that threatened Rome. Along with his fellow gladiators, Spartacus built an army of 60,000 soldiers and took control of the Southern Italian countryside. He was a charismatic leader. He even used religion to attract supporters. As an ancient Roman soldier, his combat skills were unmatched. For two years they resisted the Roman armies with great success. However, Spartacus and his men were ultimately defeated. The defeat came not only from the success of the general, but also from the failure of the rebels: they were numerous, irregular; There were many ethnic groups among them and they were constantly arguing about leadership. No leader, including Spartacus, was able to discipline them. At the end of their two-year struggle, at one point they had to choose: flee for their freedom or plunder. They preferred wealth to freedom at the cost of encountering Rome's most powerful troops and were defeated by General Crassus. But their struggles have inspired writers, filmmakers, and revolutionaries for 2,000 years.